1.List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs
In Browser, we wil be interacting with the DOM(Document Object Module) which serves as a user visual interface whereas in Nodejs, there is no DOM .
Browser uses API(Application Programming Interface) i.e cookies while Nodejs will  not be doing this.
Browser will be client-side application and Nodejs will be server-side application.
Brower will be storing all our  user data via cookies while in Nodejs, it will have direct access to database and storage and it is secure compared to brower.
In browser, require() is used while in Nodejs, we will be using import().

2. Execute the below code and write your description in txt file
a)typeof(1)
typeof() is a function which is used to get the datatype.Now the input is 1, since it is a number, it will return number.
b)typeof(1.1)
Although the input is float(1.1),ith will print number as output because, In javascript,float,integer,double all comes under the data type Number.
c)typeof('1.1')
The output will be string because, any values within a single or double quote will be a string. 
d)typeof(true)
The output will be boolean because onle the boolean has two values ie, true and false.
e)typeof(null)
The output will be object, instead of undefined because, it is used as an empty reference to the object.
f)typeof(undefined)
The output will also be undefined becuase there is no value assiged.	
g)typeof([])
The output will be object because  it is an empty array.
h)typeof({})
Since this {}braces represent object ,it will print object as the data type. 
i)typeof(NaN)
The output will be number. Although it stands for Not a number,i t is technically considered as a number.
	
3. Read what is prototype
Prototype means inheritance of functions. Prototype is an object that is associated with every functions and objects by default in JavaScript, where function's prototype property is accessible and modifiable.
Every function includes prototype object by default.